elapor/application/com/libs/DatabaseHandler.java
 elapor.application.com.libs.DatabaseHandler
elapor/application/com/model/version.java
 elapor.application.com.model.version
elapor/application/com/model/pelanggaran.java
 elapor.application.com.model.pelanggaran
elapor/application/com/libs/ImageLoadingUtils.java
 elapor.application.com.libs.ImageLoadingUtils
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/FragmentPelanggaranBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.FragmentPelanggaranBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/InformasiDialogBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.InformasiDialogBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$1
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$2
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$3
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$4
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$5
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuatLaporanPelanggaranActivity$6
elapor/application/com/fragment/PelanggaranFragment.java
 elapor.application.com.fragment.PelanggaranFragment
 elapor.application.com.fragment.PelanggaranFragment$1
elapor/application/com/libs/GalleryFilePath.java
 elapor.application.com.libs.GalleryFilePath
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ToolbarActivityAddLaporanPelanggaranBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ToolbarActivityAddLaporanPelanggaranBinding
customfonts/MyEditText.java
 customfonts.MyEditText
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/BuildConfig.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.BuildConfig
elapor/application/com/adapter/PelanggaranAdapter.java
 elapor.application.com.adapter.PelanggaranAdapter
 elapor.application.com.adapter.PelanggaranAdapter$1
 elapor.application.com.adapter.PelanggaranAdapter$2
 elapor.application.com.adapter.PelanggaranAdapter$3
 elapor.application.com.adapter.PelanggaranAdapter$ViewHolder
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/PelanggaranItemListBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.PelanggaranItemListBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/AmbilFotoActivity.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$1
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$2
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$3
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$4
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$5
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$6
 elapor.application.com.elapor.AmbilFotoActivity$SaveImageTask
elapor/application/com/model/dataitem.java
 elapor.application.com.model.dataitem
elapor/application/com/libs/CommonUtilities.java
 elapor.application.com.libs.CommonUtilities
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ActivityAmbilFotoBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ActivityAmbilFotoBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/PilihGambarDialogBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.PilihGambarDialogBinding
elapor/application/com/libs/Preview.java
 elapor.application.com.libs.Preview
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ActivityAddLaporanPelanggaranBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ActivityAddLaporanPelanggaranBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ToolbarBinding
customfonts/MyTextView.java
 customfonts.MyTextView
elapor/application/com/elapor/databinding/ActivityMenuBinding.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.databinding.ActivityMenuBinding
elapor/application/com/elapor/MainActivity.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity$1
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity$2
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity$3
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity$4
 elapor.application.com.elapor.MainActivity$5
elapor/application/com/elapor/SplashActivity.java
 elapor.application.com.elapor.SplashActivity
 elapor.application.com.elapor.SplashActivity$1
